<title>Papa Ridge

<td>
<p align="center">
<font size="3" face="Georgia">
<a href="document.htm">
Documents
</font></a></p>

<hr>

<h1 align="center"><font face="Georgia"><u>Papa Ridge</u></font></h1>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">This indenture made the
Sixth Day of June in the fourth year of the Dominion of Charles
absolute Lord and Proprietor of the Province of Maryland and
Asalon Lord Baron of Baltimore County and in the year of our Lord
God One Thousand Six Hundred and Seventy Nine between Edward
Parish of the County of Anne Arundel in the said Province of
Maryland of the one part and Matthias Hughes of the said County
in the said Province on the other part.</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">Witnesseth that the said
Right Honorable Lord Proprietary of ye said Province by his Deed
of Grant, or Patent, under his Great Seal used in the said
Province of Maryland for granting of land. There bearing date at
St. Mary's the twentieth day of July in the three and fourtieth
year of dominion of the State Right Honorable Cecilious Lord and
Proprietary of the Provinces, Anno Dom. 1679 and for the
consideration thereinmentioned grant unto the said Edward Parish
his heirs and assigns by the name of Edward Parish a parcel of
land called 'Papaw' Ridge lying in the Herring Creek Swamp in the
County aforesaid beginning at abounded red oak and running north,
northeast twenty perches to abounded red oak of a parcel of land
to a bounded tree of the land of John Cumber, land then bounding
on the line of the said Cumber's land drawn north-west seventy
perches to a bounded white oak standing by the western side of a
branch called Deep Creek then west bounding the said branch four
perches to abounded white oak.</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">Perches to a marked poplar
then west-north-west twenty perches to a bounded tree of the said
Land Cumber then by the said Cumber's Land west-south-west thirty
five perches to a red oak standing by a marsh of a reek called
Gotts Creek then south-east and by east thirty five perches to
abounded Gum then by a straight line hundred and fifty five acres
of land more or less together with all rights profits and
bebefits thereunto (Royal Mines Excepted) TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the
same unto him aforesaid Edward Parish his heirs and assigns
forever to be holden of his Lordship as his heirs as of his Manor
of Anne Arundel in free and common bondage by fealty only for all
manor of services under such rents covenants conditions
limitations and exceptions as in and by the said recited deed of
grant or patent relation being thereunto had more at large it
doth and may appear.<br>
</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">NOW THIS INDENTURE
WITNESSETH that the said Edward Parish for a valuable
consideration to him in hand well and truly paid and delivered by
the aforesaid Matthias Hughes before the ensealing and delivery
of these presents whereof and wherewith the said Edward Parish
doth acknowledge himself to be wholly and fully satisfied and
doth of and from the same acquit exonerate and discharge the said
Matthias Hughes his heirs executors administrators and assigns by
these presents hath given granted bargained sold alienated and
confirmed and by these presents doth give grant bargain sell and
confirm unto the said Matthias Hughes his heirs and executors
administrators and assigns forever all the aforesaid one hundred
and fifty acres of land together with all rights profits and
benefits thereunto belonging or in anywise apper- taining (Royal
Mines Excepted) and also all such estate right title interest use
possession reversion and reversions remainder claim demand
whatsoever of him the said Edward Parish of and in the said land
with appurtenances and of in and to every part and parcel thereof
and also all and singular the patents grants deeds boundaries and
writings touching or in anywise concerning the land and premises
or any part or parcel thereof TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the said one
hundred fifty and five acres of land and all the premises with
the appurtenences herein before mentioned to be given granted
bargained sold alienated and confirmed and of every of with the
appurtenences unto the heirs executors administrators and assigns
to the sole and proper use and behoofe of the said Matthias
Hughes his heirs executors administrators and assigns and forme
in free bondage and that he the said Edward Parish at the
ensealing of these presents is lawfully surely soley and
indescapably seized in free bondage to the use of himself his
heirs and assigns forever and to none otherwise any condition
further limitation or determination of use or uses of or in the
said land and premises with the appurtenences and of all and
singular other the premises before mentioned to be given granted
bargained sold confirmed and that the said Edward Parish hath in
himself full power good right and lawfull authority give grant
bargain sell alienate and confirm the said land and premises and
every part and parcel thereof with appurtenences unto the said
Matthias Hughes his heirs executors administrators and assigns in
manner and form as aforesaid and that the said one hundred fifty
and five acres of land and premises and every part and parcel
thereof by those presents given granted bargained sold alienated
and confirmed fealty only for all manner of services under such
rent by convenants conditions limitation and exceptions as in and
by the said recited deed of grant or patent reserved or excepted
and that the said land all and singular other the premises by
these presents given bargained and sold alienated and confirmed
and every part and parcel thereof at the time of the ensealing
and delivery of these presents are clear and free and so from
time to time and all times hereafter shall and may stand abide
remain and continue unto the said Matthias Hughes and his heirs
executors adminstrators and assigns freely and clearly discharged
and acquitted otherwise and by the said Edward Parish heirs
executors and administrators defended and saved and kept harmless
of and from all every former gifts grants bargains sales leases
estates uses wills conditions statutes of the staple
recognizances condemnations judgements executions annuities fees
indentures bowers fines issues amercements rents charges of rents
arrearages of rents and of all and from all and every other
former titles charges and incumberances whatsoever the
rentsservices and issues mentioned snd expressed in the said
recited patent or grant hereafter to grow due to be paid done and
performed to the chief Lord of Lords of the fee or fees of whom
the said land and premises are holden only excepted and
foreprized, and for himself his heirs executors and
administrators, promise and grant, administrators and assigns and
to every of them by these presents<br>
that the said Matthias Hughes, administators and assigns shall
and may from henceforth for every lawfully have hold use possess
inherit and enjoy all the said one hundred fifty and five acres
of land and all and every the said premises with the
appurtenences and shall, and may as lawfully recieve have take
and enjoy all and singular the rents revenues issues and profits
thereof from time to time coming growing and renewing to the only
proper use and behoofs of the said Matthias Hughes and of his
heirs executors administrators and assigns forever according to
the purpose and true meaning of these presents without any let
resistance molestation disturbance interruption eviction
expulsion or recovery of any other person or persons whatsoever
except before excepted and further he the said Edward Parish for
himself his heirs executors administrators and assigns and to and
with every of them by these presents doth covenant and grant to
and with the said Matthias Hughes his heirs executors
administrators and assigns and to and with every of them by these
that the said Edward Parish his heirs executors and
administrators and all and every other person persons and their
heirs having lawfully claiming or pretending to have or that
hereafter shall or may have or lawfully claim or pretend to have
any estate or interest or other thing of in or out of the said
premises or any part or parcel thereof shall and will upon every
reasonable request or requests and at the cost and charges in the
law of the Matthias Hughes his heirs executors administrators and
assigns further to make knowledge and suffer or answer to be done
made acknowledged and suffered from time to time and at all times
hereafter during the space of seven years.</font></p>

<p align="right"><font face="Georgia">The mark of Edward E Parish</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">Sign Sealed and Delivered
The foregoing was thus indorsed viz., Edward E. Parish's<br>
In the presents of conveyance of 155 acres of his land called
PAPAW RIDGE to Robert K Lockwood</font></p>

<p align="right"><font face="Georgia">Matthias Hughes.<br>
mark</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">James Ellis Entered on the
records in the court rolls of Anne Arundel County Libr. N Folio
38 June<br>
/s/ Richard Boughton</font></p>

<p align="left"><font face="Georgia">*From Anne Arundel County
Land Records<br>
Libre WH #4 folio 235-239<br>
State Hall of Records<br>
Annapolis, Maryland</font></p>

<hr>
</td>
